{
Basically, everything I have accomplished up to this day you can browse on this webiste.
You can find here all open source projects I was, am or will be involved in as well as details on my experience.
But to bring about a little bit of history right here I will start with where I am now, i.e. Kraków.
In the middle of my stuides I came here for work. But it turned out, that I was not good enough to be here and after 3 months I packed up and returned to Kielce.
I learned the lesson, drew some conclusions and started my programming adventure once again.
Leaving numbers aside - as it is not so important right now - I can use this well-known phrase "It wasn't easy" :-), but it was easy enought to pursue some goals.
Then I started my very first work as a "computer scientist", which literally meant doing all hardware-related stuff, troubleshooting software etc.
Good ? Bad ? But it was not good enough for me.
Who cares...
Neverthelles, I was paying attention to every task I was scheduled with, because I was being paid for that.
I was working for KFP Białogon in Kielce one full year, i.e. since June 2007 to June 2008.
I gained experience in many different things among doing many different things, including getting up 4.30 a.m. to work, going to English classes late afternoon and writing my masterthesis.
It's neither complaining nor showing off, just an explanation. It was hard time for to sleep every week 4 - 4.5 hours a day.
But I achieved my the very first goal. I finished studies.
Then came that opportunity from then called Kolporter Info, now Infover to work for them. What I remembered from that time was that interview when I was asked about my salary expectations.
My answer was "It is up to you" in simple translation :-), but what I was told was to be able to asses my own skills in the future as it would be my lifetime work which I would be doing for living.
Those days are irreversibly gone as is my naivety, to be honest!
And what follows is just a boring technical stuff.
If it comes to .NET and C# in particular I can tell that I do have practical hands-on experience with "sharp C" for over 8 and half a year.
During this time I worked in 7 different projects.
In some of them I was the only programmer responsible for either implementing new features or just providing end-user with some support. I mean here being the only person in the mobile project autmating work of 
Sales Representatives. In addtion to that I was doing the same stuff in the desktop project, in which there were other programmers in the number of 5-6 on average.
It was the first two projects - CRM (desktop & mobile) - I was programming in. I spent there 6 years. I can safely tell you that I do have an experience with mobile development for about 3 years.
Then I moved to another project being developed for delivery company. Being there now and then I was analysing the code that probably no one else would like to analyse or just optimizing existing code that was running afterwards a few times faster.
On another day I was rewriting some code literally from scratch (not mine) to make it run a way faster. And sometimes I was doing rubbish stuff.
I spent there 9 months, before I decided it was high time I had to move somewhere else.
And then I started digging into web development short before I moved to Rzeszów to work for PGS Software.
I do have experience with C# web development, i.e. ASP .NET WebForms for about 6 months and with web development in general for about 2 years meaning doing something on daily basis.
They gave opportunity to prove myself if it comes to developing for web. Half of the time I was involved in fixing different bugs in the intermal project, knowing nothing about it and learning along the way, thus I was able to use my analitical skills.
The second half of my time being in Rzeszów I was developing one feature from scratch in technology I even probably haven't heard before, i.e. KnockoutJs, of which feature I was very proud.
It took me 2 and a half months to accomplish the task. I worked for PGS since 15 June 2015 to 13 November 2015.
Due to family reasons I was forced to look for another job. And then I moved to Kraków.
I started working for Warsaw-based company called e-Xim IT.
My whole 7 months (from December 2015 to June 2016) I was doing Console Applications in .NET 4.0 - 5.0 providing complex data integration services for one of the biggest banks in Poland.
But after 5 months of hard work, even during weekends and very often in the evenings together with my family we've decided that is was of no value to us, so I started looking for another job.
My deep knowledge on C# spans all versions from 2.0 to 6.0, with whom I do have hands-on experience (so-called working experience).
I do write very efficient C# code in relatively short periods of time. Last example of that you can find on GitHub which is called Software Development, and more specifically Object Mapper.
Beacuse of my vast experience in many different technologies I will not mention working for HSBC as my whole time spent there had literally nothing to do with programming.
I was learning only financial stuff and analysing different things.
I survived there 6 months :-)
I stay or at least try to stay in line with what is new in terms of .NET development, e.g. Azure, U-SQL.
I am also very open-minded with regards to other programming languages and currently I am learning ANSI C.
I am fluent with English language on both sides, i.e. oral skills and writing ones.
I am working on daily basis with different IDEs, mainly Visual Studio (experience with all versions starting from 2005 to 2015 excluding v2012) and VS Code, which I use for web development.
I have very little experience with SharpDevelop and Mono under Linux.
Recently I started improving my .NET skills under Linux, i.e. Ubuntu 16.04 LTS and Debian.
I have theoretical knowledge about Garbage Collector and how the newest one differs from version up to 4.0 of .NET
I do have deep understanding of what managed language (C#) is and how it works including CLR and DLR parts.
I do have a working knowledge of what Remote Debugging is and how to use it as well as I am familiar with advanced debugging techniques in the context of Visual Studio.
I do am passionate about programming and devote all my free time to constantly improving myself. In addition to that I have a vast experience on many fronts and truly believe that <strong>worse code yesterday, good today can always be better tomorrow</strong>.
I do have a experience working in an international environment with different nationalities speaking English.
To summarize my short bio I can humbly add that my knowledge on T-SQL is deep as well.
For that please refer to both algorithms JSON2SQL & coming shortly SQL2JSON on my website.
Since around April 2016 on daily basis I actively work on algorithms translating directly JSON data to T-SQL table data & T-SQL table data directly to JSON data.
This project connecting these two algorithms will be finished on 04-04-2017, i.e. publicly available for commercial use.
In the so-called meantime I work on my website, and planing for next stuff in general.
I remain without work since 12 December 2016 up to this day.
<span class="bioUpdate">Update: 02-05-2017</span>
At the time of updating this IT bio we have the second of May 2017.
Either until 31-05-2017 I have new deal with some company or will quit progrramming job :-(
We were thinking about that for the past month and this is the most reasonable decision to make.
This is so-called "official statement" :-)
What about my algorithms ? Nothing changed. SQL2SQL project will start this August :-) and for sure other stuff that will follow the 3rd algorithm, that is currently looming on the horizon of my mind.
<span class="bioUpdate">Update: 26-08-2017</span>
Since temporary departure from Krakow I've added a couple of new features. To be honest haven't thought that I would arrive with my web development where I've arrived so far :-).
And that's gonna be a major "bus stop" at the end of the year (v20) with so-called "Project website". I mean major one, because I'll probably be adding new minor features now and then.
Now as of this writing I am awaiting this mind-blowing job offer, which is unofficially called "For the Future of My Family".
My work attitude is well-known. All unknowns are on the "next employer" side from my perspective.
Last modified on 26-august-2017 11:55:00
}